Update policy_deployment.adoc (#8376)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_new.adoc

-  Enable the  `--from-cluster` flag to test a policy against your actual cluster state without manually exporting and supporting resource files. For more information, see link:../governance/manage_policies.adoc#policy-cli-commands[Policy command-line tool].

> - You can now view the last 10 events in the status of the policy on your managed cluster. For more details about your policy deployment options, see link:../governance/policy_deployment.adoc#policy-deployment[Policy deployment].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now view the last 10 events in the status of the policy on your managed cluster. For more details about policy event history, see link:../governance/policy_deployment.adoc#policy-deployment[Policy deployment].
```

> - You can now view the last 10 events in the status of the policy on your managed cluster. For more details about your policy deployment strategies, see link:../governance/policy_deployment.adoc#policy-deployment[Policy deployment].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now view the last 10 events in the status of the policy on your managed cluster. For more details about your policy deployment options, see link:../governance/policy_deployment.adoc#policy-deployment[Policy deployment].
```
